Welcome back everyone.
Let's now go over the solution for the histogram exercise.
All right.
So this exercise should have been pretty straightforward.
And in general his rooms usually are straightforward.
The only things you have to really deal with are choosing a correct size.
So we'll just quickly do our imports.
That's partly off line as I know.
And then in poor Plott lead graph objects as go and then import.
So let's fix that import panderers as PD then we'll read in our dataset so I'll say DNA is equal to
PD.
Read CXXVI and began working with that abalone dataset thought cxxviii file and time to create our data
variable.
So for this inside our data variable list we will create go that histogram then we'll just say x is
equal to the length column of that data frame and we just need to provide X bins.
So these arguments were actually asked up here and they objected.
So we want to set the range from 0 to 1 with the size of 0.02.
So let's go ahead and do that.
That means we create dictionary inside of X bins or say start is equal to zero and is equal to 1.
Size is equal to zero point zero to.
And that's really all we need to do.
If you wanted to add in a lay up you can do that as well.
So we can say lay out go that lay out and here you can just say like a title.
So my histogram.
And finally let's go ahead we'll say fig is equal to go figure passen data is equal to data and layout
layout is equal to Leo.
And then Pyu Wyo. the plot that Fig.
Let's save that and run it and make sure everything worked out.
And here you can see my results so I get this Mr. Graham.
The range looks correct as well as the bin size.
OK.
That's all there is to it.
Remember that if you start resizing this window it may start to appear a little different too.
But overall you've been size should have been a point zero or two and you can check that these ranges
as you move your cursor if you have any questions feel free to post the Q Any forums.
We'll see you at the next lecture.